# The Community of Web Mill
This is not a legal document, though it will be followed as though it *is* a legal document. The subsequent information explains very important information that guides how the project itself will be managed, as well as how community interaction will be monitored. This document is meant for those who are interested in joining the community and for those who are interested in contributing code or changes to this repository.

## RULES (HOW THIS DOCUMENT WORKS):
The Philosphy of the project entails core values ("**cornerstones**") of the project that are prioritized above anything else. It also addresses areas of lesser importance. __Under no circumstances are any Maintainers of this project obligated to accept code or changes to the code if they do not prioritize the cornerstones in the Philosophy.__ This is in place to ensure that the focus stays on what the project is supposed to become. It should be clear how the Maintainers want to develop this project. Community rules regarding discussions apply to all forms of communication on Github only. Maintainers have the final say on all matters, so no use arguing with them. Anyone may contribute, but they must follow the rules and contributions must be approved by the Maintainers. Also, changes to this file may happen at any time, and it is up to the community members to keep up with that and follow the rules as they are added or modified.

## PHILOSOPHY:
This project, Web Mill, is meant to be an easy-to-use website builder. The ultimate goal is that one can simply upload an empty Web Mill project into their web host provider's server, and immediately be able to begin developing their website remotely. To develop this project, the following areas are prioritized:
1. The first important cornerstone of this project is that it needs to **favor ease of use for the end-user** (the one who creates and develops their own website using Web Mill). 
2. The second cornerstone is that this project should be **stand-alone (no extra installations) and free of any dependencies**. The use of a CDN for delivering content may be allowed, but must be approved by a Maintainer.

Also worth noting:

- **Performance and security are of lesser importance in this project when compared to ease of use, though the project should still be secure and reasonably fast.** The point is, if a contribution ends up sacrificing on performance or security to improve the ease of use, then that contribution will more likely be approved than a contribution which sacrifices on ease of use for better performance or security. Ideally, no sacrifices would have to be made in a contribution.

## COMMUNITY:
On Github, discussions of the project and its development are to be kept civil and free of discrimination, ad-hominems, and all other statements that the maintainers construe as rude or offensive. Discussions must also stay on-topic. All maintainers of this project are not obligated to accept any code from contributors who they deem "uncivil" for the aforementioned reasons (excluding the rule regarding one's ability to keep the discussion on-topic). That being said, Maintainers may not indefinitely ban someone from contributing. 

Discussions might happen on other platforms. **We will not be moderating those other platforms.** We ask that community members still keep communications on those platforms civil, but it is up to the moderators of those platforms to enforce that. If the situation did arise that a community member was "uncivil" on another platform, regardless of when the misbehavior occured, that will not be held against them on Github and the Maintainers will not punish community members for behaviors that happen on other electronic platforms outside of Github.

## MAINTAINERS:
Only the maintainer(s) of the project may choose whether or not to follow the rules spelled out in this document. Maintainers may also freely change any aspects of this document. For all others, abiding by the rules of this document is compulsory and not a choice. A maintainer may choose to allow contributions from contributors who do not follow these rules, and it shall be solely at that maintainer's discression which commits they allow or do not allow. Maintainers may also choose what code and changes they wish to remove, or may choose to keep even if other community members dissent. Community members may ask the Maintainers questions, but may not try to force their way of thinking onto the Maintainers or criticize the way they work. Constructive feedback may be given, but it is up to the Maintainers, whether or not that feedback will be acted upon.

## CONTRIBUTORS:
Community members are very welcome to clone the repository or to fork it. They may also submit code or modifications to the code, but it must be approved by a Maintainer. Maintainers may choose not to accept code or changes if the community member has violated the rules of this document. Maintainers keep, deny, or remove code and changes at their sole discretion. No person shall be permanently barred from contributing on account of something they said or did. They may choose to continue contributing, but the Maintainers may not permanently (or "indefinitely") bar that person from contributing. The Contributor must still ask for approval from Maintainers just like any other person. The Maintainers may not enforce a length of time for which a misbehaving Contributor will not be able to contribute.

## UPDATES TO THIS FILE:
Changes may be made to this file, and notice might not be given of these changes. As previously mentioned, this is not a legal document, so the Maintainers of this project are not required to give any such notice of changes to this file. Members of the community can check for changes as often as they please. Just because someone is not aware of changes to this file does not mean these new changes do not apply to them. The rules, both existing and freshly-added, shall both be enforced (at the Maintainer's discretion). This document is not perfect, but to improve it over time, it will be changed as needed.

---
Anyone who does not wish to follow the rules of this document may fork the project, and should do so. After forking, they should either modify this document to suit their liking, or delete it altogether. If they would rather to continue using this document, they may do so. This will make them the Maintainer of their own fork, but their COMMUNITY.md document shall not have any power over this one. Likewise, this document does not override their COMMUNITY.md document.